# Cognito

Capstone project workspace for Team Cognito

Team Cognito is responsible for the iSchool Admitted Student Website Revision project, sponsored by the UW Information School. The iSchool Admitted Student website is the primary information resource that the Information School provides for students who are admitted into the iSchool's graduate programs. The website is meant to provide prospective students with information about these graduate programs, and to guide them through the processes of enrollment and orientation. The Revision Project aims to gather student feedback and propose changes that would improve the site's ability to meet the information needs incoming graduate students. The goals of this project fall into two main stages. First, the development of information-gathering tools like surveys and focus group scripts that the Information School can use in the future to assess how satisfactory the Admitted Student Website is for incoming students. The second stage is analyzing student feedback, website engagement metrics, and previous admissions data to create a recommendation report on how the content on the Admitted Student Website can be changed to better meet the information needs of incoming students, and potentially raise the portion of students who accept their offer of enrollment.

The code in this repository will primarily be focused on cleaning admissions datasets to prepare them for analysis using tools like Excel and Tableau. There may also be code written for the purpose of creating data visualizations to be included in the recommendation report that will be handed off to the iSchool in the second stage of the project. To contribute to this project, any future developers should first gain clearance to access the admissions data the code will be written to operate on. From there, future developers are free to run the code in this repository to clean that data, generate visualizations, or write their own code to do so.
